Reorganize git hooks (#11442)
bokeh/bokeh: sphinx/source/docs/dev_guide/setup.rst

~~~~~~~~~

In order to help prevent some accidental errors, here are some git hooks
that may be useful:

> - Run codebase tests
>   This git hook runs all the codebase tests before allowing a push to the remote

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run codebase tests

  This git hook runs all the codebase tests before allowing a push to the remote
```
I believe a blank line is necessary to have the bullet text render on a line of its own, with a para below.

  repository to proceed. Note that all the standard testing dependencies must be installed
  in order for this hook to function.

> - ``main`` branch protection
>   This git hook prevents accidental pushes to the ``main`` branch on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Protect special branches

  This git hook prevents accidental pushes to the ``main`` and ``branch-x.y`` 
  developement branches on GitHub.
```
